gentlemen what are the four pillows
Welton Academy for boys a breeding
ground for the Future Leaders of America
an institution dedicated to achievement
virtue and conformity a school whose
rigid standards are upheld by every
single teacher except one come on mr.
Overstreet you twerps mr. Anderson your
man on amoeba language was developed for
one endeavor and that is to communicate
know
[Music]
touchstone pictures presents Robin
Williams as John Keating teacher well as
this dagger I see before me philosopher
I like Byron again before t2 but I can't
dance to it
orator otitis bring your friend hither
and founder of the Dead Poets Society a
bunch of guys sitting around reading
poetry no D thanks for playing anyway
was the Dead Poets Society the dead
poet's are dedicated to sucking the
marrow out of life spirits soared women
swooned and gods were created not a bad
way to spend an evening eh I hereby
reconvene the Dead Poets Society to
strive to seek to find got a do more got
a beam dare to walk a new path dare to
strike out and find new ground I'm
hearing rumors John about some
unorthodox teaching methods in your
classroom break out John Keating he
began by teaching English now he's
changing lives
was it this new man this mr. Keating now
we're just playing around out here do we
mean what we say well it's just dick
Poets Society I want names
casualties but be your hearts and soul
for the first time in my whole life I
know what I want to do medicine law
business engineering these are noble
pursuits poetry romance love using what
we stay alive for
[Music]
seize the day
touchstone pictures presents Robin
Williams as John cheating he was the
inspiration that made their lives
extraordinary Dead Poets Society
[Music]